README.md, before:

# MAST30034 Project 1 - Quantitative Analysis
- Student Name: Karina Fitriani Liauw
- Student ID: 1090015
- Due Date: Wednesday 18th of August 11:59:00 am (AEST).
- Report Link: _Insert Report Link if applicable_

# Dependencies
- Language: _i.e Python 3.8.3 and/or R 4.05_
- Packages / Libraries: _i.e pandas, pyspark, sklearn, statsmodels, folium, etc... OR add a `requirements.txt`_

# Datasets
- NYC TLC: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/tlc/about/tlc-trip-record-data.page
- External dataset 1: (optional)
- External dataset 2: (optional)
- ...
- External dataset n: (optional)

# Directory
_Change this to fit your needs when you have started the project._
- `raw_data`: Contains all the raw data files. Added this folder to `.gitignore` as files are too largel. Code to automatically download or links is provided under 'code' - "Downloads". 
- `preprocessed_data`: Contains all the preprocessed data files. Added this folder to `.gitignore` as files are too large.
- `plots`: Output and saved figures.
- `code`: 
    - "Downloads" for "Extracting Data" and "Installing Packages".
    - "Preprocessing" for "Preprocessing" and/or "Exploratory Data Analysis".
    - "Visualisation" for "Analysis and Visualisation".
    - "Modelling" for "Statistical Modelling".
- `deprecated`: A folder to store "old code" that I experimented with, but decided to not go ahead.

# Other
_Feel free to add any other information that you deem useful._
- (You may delete these dot points once you have read and understood them)
- You should avoid uploading your datasets as they are far too large (without using git LFS). Please add them to the `.gitignore` file or remove them when pushing changes.
- You can delete all the `.gitkeep` files located inside each empty directory. These just exist to give the folder directory templates as GitHub doesn't keep track of empty directories. 
- Attatch a `requirements.txt` if you are using non-standard Python libraries that are not officially taught or covered in this subject. 
- Remember, there are marks awarded for readability in your code, as well as reproducability.

Commit message:

preprocessing and weather data finalized

README.md, after:

# MAST30034 Project 1 - Quantitative Analysis
- Student Name: Karina Fitriani Liauw
- Student ID: 1090015
- Due Date: Wednesday 18th of August 11:59:00 am (AEST).
- Report Link: _Insert Report Link if applicable_

# Dependencies
- Language: _i.e Python 3.8.3 and/or R 4.05_
- Packages / Libraries: _i.e pandas, pyspark, sklearn, statsmodels, folium, etc... OR add a `requirements.txt`_

# Datasets
- NYC TLC: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/tlc/about/tlc-trip-record-data.page
- External dataset 1: (optional)
- External dataset 2: (optional)
- ...
- External dataset n: (optional)

# Directory
_Change this to fit your needs when you have started the project._
- `raw_data`: Contains all the raw data files. Added this folder to `.gitignore` as files are too largel. Code to automatically download or links is provided under 'code' - "Downloads". 
- `preprocessed_data`: Contains all the preprocessed data files. Added this folder to `.gitignore` as files are too large.
- `plots`: Output and saved figures.
- `code`: 
    - "Downloads" for "Extracting Data" and "Installing Packages".
    - "Preprocessing" for "Preprocessing" and/or "Exploratory Data Analysis".
    - "Visualisation" for "Analysis and Visualisation".
    - "Modelling" for "Statistical Modelling".
- `deprecated`: A folder to store "old code" that I experimented with, but decided to not go ahead.
- `external_data`: Contains all the external data files, in this case weather data for January - March 2019-2020.

# Other
_Feel free to add any other information that you deem useful._
- (You may delete these dot points once you have read and understood them)
- You should avoid uploading your datasets as they are far too large (without using git LFS). Please add them to the `.gitignore` file or remove them when pushing changes.
- You can delete all the `.gitkeep` files located inside each empty directory. These just exist to give the folder directory templates as GitHub doesn't keep track of empty directories. 
- Attatch a `requirements.txt` if you are using non-standard Python libraries that are not officially taught or covered in this subject. 
- Remember, there are marks awarded for readability in your code, as well as reproducability.
